On Thu, Jan 29, 2026 at 5:20 PM Bonnie Lucas <bonnie@lesaz.com> wrote:

Thank you Amanda for facilitating this. 

We need to get a few things completed before we can move forward. 
*Get all officers over to the native app. 
Evidently there are conflicting problems with clocking in and out and I would like to see this resolved quickly…
I think by proceeding with getting everything moved over,  will help but I want to see that all clocking issues are resolved. 
*Resolve all AWS and local Dev server and their security concerns  before moving onto new projects. 
*Resolve any outstanding issues with Scheduler and the Agency app. 
*Do a deep dive into both and make the changes needed so the coordinators are not jumping through hoops to get something simple done and eliminate the work around. Make it as efficient as possible or as it should be. 

I have a meeting tomorrow regarding security going forward. 

We will schedule time next week with Ashley and the coordinators to get all their concerns and needs identified. 

Once we get all the current kinks identified and enhancements made we can move forward on the Broker / Client Apps…

We will connect all the moving parts soon! 
Have a great weekend!!

Bonnie

Thank You and be safe!
Bonnie Lucas | President / CEO

On Jan 29, 2026, at 2:55 PM, Amanda Markham <amarkh3m@gmail.com> wrote:
﻿
Hello everyone- Happy Thursday! It has been a few weeks since the Strategy Meeting and I wanted to take a moment to acknowledge what a strong milestone this has been. Congratulations, everyone!!
As we are continuing to move forward, I wanted to follow up on how we'd like to formally proceed on shifting to forward planning. From a meeting recap, it sounds as though we may be ready for the framing and alignment on what that next phase could look like.  No rush, I just want to ensure we have a shared clarity around priorities, timing and expectations at the pace that works for everyone.  
Happy to support or facilitate those conversations in whatever way is most helpful. Looking forward to continuing this incredible collab! 
Talk to you all soon! 

On Mon, Jan 12, 2026 at 9:40 AM Brian Overby <boverby@angelcitydata.com> wrote:

Here is the zoom link for Wednesday at 10:00am MST.

Brian
